Hey, good morning family. Praise the Lord. Thank you for joining us today.
Well, it's Brandon and Diana again. I have some things on my heart, but I want to say this. The last video I butchered the scripture.
It just shows you I told you I am not a Bible scholar, but I knew in my heart what I was saying.
I knew what the Lord said to me whenever I had the vision and he was looking at the people drinking the water, but I just got it messed up when it came out in words.
I told Diana, I said, "Well, it just shows I'm a work in progress. Glory to God. Thank you for always showing grace on me.
I know there's a lot of people that want to criticize and say things.
You probably have a lot more going for you than I got for me, but that's all right.
God uses every single one of us differently. And we're thankful that he even tipped his hat toward us.
I'm just thankful that he said, "Hey, Brandon, I want you to go on YouTube."And I just said yes.
So, if you want to know why he chose Brandon, I say, "Well, I just said yes."That's it.
It wasn't that I obviously you can see I'm not a great teacher of the word like some of y'all.
I'm just a guy that was a janitor that had a heart that was after God.
I'm hungry for God. That's what I do every single day is I seek him with all my heart.
And whether I ever become like a great philosopher or like a Rick Renner or whoever, I don't know.
But I know that if I keep my heart right and I keep seeking the Lord, Diana and I keep seeking the Lord, that I know that I just want to be a part of the end time harvest.
Y'all, I've seen a lot of churches. I worked for one of the fastest growing churches in America before Joel Osteen's church.
We worked there for a long time and we saw the people coming in and you see people jockeying for position trying to get close to the pastor, giving them gifts, doing all kinds of things.
You try so hard to let your light be shined by men and hopefully they'll just tip their hat towards you and maybe they'll promote you and give you a position in the church or whatever and you could see that there's a lot of people always brownnosing.
But we're at a place right now we've never brownnosed to get where we're at. We're right where God has us.
Even on the back row of our church, we are just people that are just showing up saying, "God, where are you?
And where you are, we want to be."And I want you to know, you don't have to have a PhD in some kind of Bible philosophy or whatever for God to use you.
I'm a perfect example of this. Like I said, I'm shocked that you all show up every day.
We're shock and awe of what God has done doing our businesses and doing what we've done with what the Lord has told us to do.
Everything you do, do it with all you've got. Do it unto the Lord. Do it as you're doing it unto him.
Regardless if anybody ever tips their hat at you at a church and looks at you and says, "Hey, here's the mic."You don't need their tipping of the hat to tell you you are able to qualify you.
They don't qualify you. God qualifies you. I really just want you all to know that I may not be the best qualified person.
I'm sure he asked a lot of other people before he asked me, but I just wanted to say yes.
He's the one that's done it regardless. So, I know there's a lot of critics and they say a lot of mean things.
I had to shadowban a lot of people that Braden did about all these people criticizing and he said, "Dad, this was rough."Well, we love you and we pray for you.
You may think your comments are showing up, but we don't even see you anymore.
So, God bless you. It is what it is. I am saddened because the body of Christ is the quickest to eat their own.
We should be more friendly and more helpful trying to uplift the elderly generation instead of them trying to grow their ministry and grow their church still at 75 to 80 years old.
That's the time you pour into the younger generations. If we don't do it right, it's because we're not being taught by you all.
We have to be taught by the elders. It's just like in anything in life.
The grandmas and the grandpas and the older generation and your mom and dads when they get older, they teach the child how to grow up and become stronger.
And it should be that way with the church. I've seen a lot of the elders, they don't seem to pour into a lot of the younger generation enough.
I feel they should pour into the younger generation because we're learning by trial and error. Diana and I are. We're doing the best we can.
And it's not been a lot about the older generation saying, "Hey, let me cuddle you up on the phone and tell you how to do it better and learn from my mistakes."No, you don't get that.
It's just been following the Holy Ghost and he's been the greatest teacher.
So, if I mess up, y'all, I just appreciate if you show me grace and we're working this out and we're doing the best we can and we're thankful that, like I said, you show up every day.
I'm humbled by it every day that you'd come and want to pray with us and we're hungry for Jesus.
Yes. And we want more and we know what God has said he's going to do in these last days.
I was in prayer tonight at the church and they were praying for the youth and I'm telling y'all, I know that there is going to be a major revival with the younger generation, but I've seen it with the college kids.
We call them the young adults. And we believe there is going to be a major move of God in college campuses all around this nation.
So, we're excited about it. And I'm telling you, I have a great amazing stirring about the month of April. I am praying over the month of April.
There are supernatural doors going to open for people in the month of April like we've never seen before.
I believe that people in April, the beginning into the end, I mean all throughout April, just have expectation because it's time for people to start walking in the full manifestations of what God has called you to do.
We've had words even privately about April for us. And we're excited about April. We're expecting about April.
And so going clear into the next 6 months, 6 months after that is into October, going into the the feast of trumpets and the Rosh Hashanah and all that and Yom Kippur.
And I believe this is going to be a time of great acceleration for the next six months.
Look for this next six months of great opportunity and great doors to open up for the body of Christ like we've never seen before.
I just feel this inside. A great opportunities, great doors are going to open to the people who are looking for him.
Yes. In the month of April to the month of October. So, glory to God.
So, we're expecting have an expectation for manifestations of the glory of God. Okay.
Quickly, let's go over some of the highlights of the prayer video we did yesterday.
I saw a black triangle over Toronto. It looked like Illuminati dark triangle over Toronto, Ontario. Okay.
So when the Lord showed me this, I saw a like a black curtain that was coming from the top of Canada all the way down and it was trying to like black molasses, like lava trying to cover the land.
And I believe we have an opportunity. He said, Brandon, I want you to pray on your channel, on this channel for Canada and their election.
There is one call. There's one last call, a supernatural call for the body of Christ of Canada to rise up and vote righteous.
And we will pray for the people that are even heathen that don't know God to have a conviction to turn and remember how they locked y'all down in COVID.
Remember how they locked you down and the truckers had to do all they did, and they blocked your bank accounts and did all that they did trying to manipulate even the money.
Remember these things because I have seen more darkness trying to come. How will they respond again when this happens?
We must pray as a joining like you all did for America, praying for a godly president, praying for our government to turn around because of what I've seen trying to come over Canada.
It will be very dark if these people win. If the dark people win—the leftists are what I would call them, these radical leftists—if they win, Canada is going to need...
it's not that it's over, but I've seen a great depression coming over Canada like you wouldn't believe.
This is a time that is very serious to pray for Canada and for the land.
I saw Vancouver—then I'll go back to this—I saw Vancouver trying when all the depression and all these things happened with your economy.
They're not telling you how bad your economy is, but I'm telling you the economy of Canada.
I saw a very dark depression, like the 1929 or 1930 stock market crash, worse than what you can comprehend.
But I saw flickers of light praying and interceding. And I believe that's you all, the ones that are on the channel.
There are people that are praying, and I saw black cords that looked like the old switchboard cords that were plugged into Toronto, and they extended into England, France, and Europe; there were dark black cords connected into Canada from Europe.
Then the Lord showed me whiskey barrels, and the whiskey barrels were topsy-turvy.
They were moving and rolling down, and as they were rolling down, they were breaking as they hit America's border.
They were disintegrating like they were exploding. I still don't understand what I was seeing, but I believe it has something to do with the economy.
We see in part and hear in part, but I believe what the Lord is saying is that there is a window here to intercede for these next 28 to 30 days.
On April the 28th, pray for this window of opportunity that the righteous would rise up and vote in Canada, that there would be no corruption in the voting process, and that it would be too big to rig for Canada.
Then the other part of what I saw yesterday was a major war breaking out again in Europe.
I saw World War II again, and out of that pressure, I saw revival.
Now, I don't understand all that. I just boycott the whole war thing; we don't want war.
But I know what the Bible says, and the Bible says in the end times there will be wars and rumors of wars.
So we pray for peace with Russia. We pray for peace over Ukraine.
We pray for peace that France, England, and Germany will not jump in and try to be involved anymore with this war, that it will not escalate into something bigger.
Because then I saw North Korea and these other nations backing Russia, and it was bigger with Iran and North Korea promising them a position in the BRICS.
If you help us over here, we're leading with China, Venezuela, and all these other dark countries. 'Hey, you've been picked on by the West.
You've had all these tariffs and sanctions put on you so that you can't maneuver freely with your economy.
Cuba, if you join up with us and help us with this, we will bring you out of the Western boot,'bringing them into a new era of financing, trying to position them, telling them everything's going to be okay if they join them up with the BRICS.
So, we're seeing that right now. And I told you there will be things that we see in the near future where we see Zelensky poking the bear. You're going to see a poking of the bear.
And now people say, 'Braden, did you see about the assassination tip on his limos and all this stuff?'No, folks, I don't watch the news.
The only way I knew about the 100,000 that I told you all about was from an article in Newsweek.
They fear that 100,000 is there. I put that in the description above trying to tell you all.
I didn't even know the earthquake had happened until you all told me.
And then they said there are feet in the water right outside there.
I was like, 'What is all this about?'It looked like massive feet—huge feet, like giant's toes.
You could see the toes. I don't know if that was an angelic being or a principality, but it was very interesting.
I told you I saw the great Apollyon coming out of the pit. I saw him coming up out of the pit spinning like a Tasmanian devil.
I'm telling you all, we are so close. Folks, four years, five years, ten years—do you understand that is nothing? This year and last year went by like a blink.
Even if Jesus tarries and we have the revival and it's four more years to the next Shemitah cycle and we see a major revival and some more escalation in the governments—we see more things about the aliens that I told you were going to start happening, the demonic stuff with the principalities telling us the aliens are coming.
We are going to see a greater shaking. A lot of you will fear for what's coming upon the earth.
Men's hearts will fail them for fear looking after those things that are coming on the earth.
And if you do not go vertical and you stay horizontal, looking at all the stuff going on around you, it will make your mind go woohoo.
You will have to keep your eyes on Jesus for what I've seen coming.
There will be dark and there will be light. And the church will rise up with the glory.
It will be so dark that it will be tangible. You will not question whether or not we're in the end times. You will know.
Everybody's going to know and they're going to go, 'Oh, it's evident we're at the very end of the world.'We should already know because he is dwelling on the inside of us.
We see the signs of the fig tree, we see what's going on with Israel, and we see what's going on with the end times.
We already have that inward shaking inside of us, hearing the sound of a mighty wind and the sound of the trumpets.
But he wants the world to know it. And the world is going to know that there's something going on.
And so, I saw Japan—I know this is going too long—I saw Japan and I saw the lines splitting Japan in the mainland.
I saw it wasn't a huge mile-long gap like, 'Oh, this is a massive trench that's coming from this earthquake.'It was probably several hundred yards.
I saw a splitting of the land, so much so that it was shaking the ground. I saw it went underneath the ground and I saw lava.
I saw the splitting of the land and there was a major shaking taking place in Japan.
It was a major earthquake, like an 8.7, huge, big earthquake.
When this happened, I saw a tsunami wave coming up out of the ocean.
I've told you all I saw it coming in, and I've seen this tsunami wave now—this is the third time I've seen it.
It was a major wave. I don't know how big it was, but it was enough to cause quite a bit of damage.
As I said, we are going to see some of these things. Now, are we supposed to be afraid? No, we're not.
We have divine protection, a covenant with God, and angelic beings protecting us.
We will not fear any of this stuff that's coming—pestilence, plagues, whatever.
I just believe we have that honey glow. The honey glow is on us.
So, we're going to pray today, seek Him, and I'm going to take communion with you.
Diana, do you have anything? I try to rehash what we prayed about yesterday. It's exciting to be a part of the end times.
Out of all the times we could be living in, God chose us to be in a time such as this, to be the end-time prayers, the ones He can flow through so we can pray His will on Earth.
It's just exciting. Out of all the times we could have been born, we're born for such a time as this.
We're all a team working together to fulfill this, to be the closers.
The Second Coming is exciting. He saved the best for last, didn't He?
I believe that just like when they had the marriage and Jesus was there, He made the wine and turned the water into wine.
They served the bad wine first, but they saved the best wine for last.
I believe we're the best wine. He's pouring out His spirit upon all flesh.
What we're about to see is exciting. Diana's been reading this book to me by Oral Roberts again.
This book right here, 'Unleashing the Power,'is amazing and really good.
It's a thin little book she got on Amazon. That one, and then the one about the songs going back to the 1700s.
She's been reading that to me and man, there's some good stuff.
I love those old books and old wells; we can learn so much from our elders, the ones who birthed the older revivals that came forth out of their prayer.
They have holy, God-given wisdom, and I glean so much from them because you can't let that die; we have to carry that forth.
These older generals are pouring into the younger people right now because we're learning by trial and error, and they have nuggets on the inside of them that will change us.
We're finding these old books. Oral Roberts is gone, Kenneth Hagin is gone.
We don't have these generals anymore, so go and find the first books they ever wrote.
I told Diana, 'Go and look. Let's do searches.'And she's found so many books. She's going to read to me the rest of the year.
It's such a blessing because I have a problem reading, and the Lord has blessed me with a wife that knows how to read really well.
We highlight things. Let's take communion and pray. Father, we just thank You for Your body.
We thank You that You were wounded for our transgressions and bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon You and with Your stripes we are healed.
We thank You, Lord, that what You bore in Your body, we need not bear in ours. Diana and I, the children, we all walk in divine health.
The people on this channel don't have to be sick in their bodies anymore or mentally tormented.
Father, You took the crown of thorns on Your head and You took all mental anguish and torment.
You did it all for us so we don't have to have worry. You took the worry, the pain, and the sorrow.
We take this body right now in the name of Jesus, for You were the ultimate sacrifice.
Amen. Now, Lord, we take the blood and apply the blood of Jesus.
We enter into Your throne room and receive that grace and mercy at the mercy seat.
We come in boldly in the name of Jesus. Your blood set us free.
We apply the blood of Jesus over our lives from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
If we confess our sins, You're faithful and just to forgive us and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Now, Lord, we just yield ourselves to You. We pray over Canada's election, Japan, and the earthquakes.
I only know how to do this by praying in the spirit because I can only go so far in my flesh and my natural mind.
But I know that the Holy Spirit will pray a perfect prayer through us and show us exactly how to pray for Canada and what to do regarding the earthquakes.
So, Holy Spirit, we yield to You. You lead and we follow. We praise You and worship You.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ over us as we enter in right now in Jesus'name.
If there's anything You want to show us or anything we can do to help You, we're here, Lord.
We yield ourselves over to You. We yield. He said, "Drink."We drink.
We sing songs and hymns and spiritual songs, making melody in our hearts, praying in the spirit.
We praise you, Father. We worship you, Father. We thank you, Jesus, forever.
That's interesting. I see a hand and it's withered. I see Canada's government and they've turned their backs on him.
I see a figure of a human being and I see them turn their backs on him, and there's black on their backside.
There's black on the backside of the government as they turn their back on him.
Similar to what the American people have done, similar to the American government, the Democrats, they turn their back. Father, we ask for forgiveness.
We ask for forgiveness for the stiff-necked people, the church that has turned their back, the ones that have not come out bolder.
Father, we repent as a nation for the lukewarm gospel. Lord, we repent.
We come before your throne with repentance. Lord, forgive us. Forgive them. Oh, with the religious spirits.
I see the old way of stinking thinking with religious spirits throughout all denominations in Canada.
Religious spirits like the Pharisees, always trying to put out the fires.
They've quenched the Holy Ghost from moving. Many of them have quenched the Holy Spirit from moving.
It starts with the church. The Lord says it starts with the church.
You're asking to change the fruit when the root of the problem is the church.
For the church has not risen up and been what I've called them to be in Canada and in most nations. The church has lost the backbone.
They've lost the morals of the teaching and putting it into the families because they've quenched the Spirit of the Lord who brings in the fresh fire, the fresh wine, the fresh anointing to stir the families, to stir the hearts.
So they're preaching a lukewarm gospel. Some of it's not even lukewarm; it's just flat cold.
He said, "Don't even say it's lukewarm. This is not a lukewarm gospel.
They're feeding the people cold, stale bread."And in this process, the people have lost their strength and their ability to fight off the darkness.
For in the meat of the word, they are able to stand with a backbone.
And because there's no backbone, because the people have been fed bread that is stale and old, the people have become weary for the tide that has changed upon Canada, and the liberal would be so easily taken care of in the spirit.
I hear the Spirit of the Lord say, "It would be so easy, for I have given you dominion and authority over all serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means hurt you.
But yet you have shrunk back, and the enemy has wreaked havoc upon your land.
And it will be so until you say, 'Thus far and no further.'For I have done everything I'm going to do about the devil.
It will take my sons and my daughters taking their dominion and authority over this land.
Therefore, if they humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways, then they will hear from heaven and I will heal their land.
And in this process, this is what will restore Canada back unto me.
The church rising up, you will see."You will see a changing of the guard.
For the ones that have blocked the flow of my Spirit will now be set aside and I will bring up the new Davids.
Take the head of the giants. Run as fast as you can doing so. You have a window.
It's not a government thing; it's a church thing. It's not a government problem, America; it's a church problem.
On the eastern sea, I see from Maine all the way down. This is a church problem.
Religion has set in. They've stopped the flow of the spirit.
And in so, demonic spirits have taken over. For where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty.
I have given you a reprieve, America. I give you a window of opportunity to change.
I ask you, what will you do with this window of opportunity to change? Some will squander it.
Some will take advantage of this and have a great acceleration of my spirit in your churches. Some will not.
The ones that do, there will be a great fountain that flows through from the Gulf of America all the way up.
I see the I-35 corridor again. The greatest revival within for the ones that say yes.
For the ones that just say yes and yield, I will show them my best.
Many say, "Does this just have to do with America? Does this just have to do with Canada?"No.
I will shine from sea to shining sea all the way around the world.
You will see the greatest outpouring of me as you just say yes.
From Africa, all the way around Asia, all the way around Europe and South America and Australia.
I'm looking for the people who will just say yes. You say, "I'm a woman."I don't care.
It's all hands on deck. "I'm a man that doesn't speak well."I don't care.
It's all hands on deck. It's who will be a yielded yes. For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
And I am the Lord of the harvest. All across the Philippines, all across Asia, there will be a great move of the spirit of the Lord.
Even in the islands, I see this. I hear the sound of a rushing mighty wind.
There is a cloud the size of a man's hand and it's beginning to rain.
It's beginning to rain of my spirit. I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
And he's bringing the camels. The blessing is on the camels. So, church, rise up.
Be what I've called you to be and do what I've called you to do.
You'll see it. Judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
For there's a cleaning yet still to come in 2025 of churches.
And it's not just about the charismatics or the non-denominational.
It's about every tribe, every tongue, every tent, from the Church of Christ to the Methodist to the Baptist to the Catholics, to all of them.
I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh to the ones that will just say, "Yes, I will do it."It will be a greater work. I will work through you and you will work with me.
And we will walk together side by side, hand in hand, as you move and march as a great army, an impartation of my glory.
And the greater works you will see as I demonstrate with you.
Bringing the souls out of the darkness. Bringing in the lost. It's the goodness of God that draws men to repentance.
Many of you feel like it will only happen in your church because you're set apart, but that self-righteousness stinks to me. You'll be shocked where I manifest myself.
In the darkest, dingiest hell holes of this earth, I will bring forth the glory of the Lord and a great outpouring to the yielded.
I'm going after the ones in the slums, the unlovely, and the ones in the back field. I'm leaving the 99 to go after the one.
This is the time I have just begun, and you'll see the greatest manifestation of my glory on this earth.
I'm not looking for perfect; I'm just looking for a 'yes,'a heart after me. My grace will push you through.
You worry about whether you can do everything right, but that's where my grace steps in.
I'll do an accelerated work because we're out of time. Just be yielded. Just say yes.
I'm pulling people out of bars and strip clubs—those who are hurting and strung out on drugs, lust, and dark sinful things.
Even those the church would cast aside as gross, I'm pulling them in with the hand of love.
Not judgment or anger, but love. My Spirit will change them from the inside out. The bondage is washed away; it is the goodness of God.
I will change them as you teach them the Word and the truth, moving from glory to glory.
Teach them the milk of the Word so they grow from babies to adults.
Let me love on them through you. This is birthed out of prayer, which grants me access.
I am also calling the richest of the rich—men in business suits who are strung out on drugs and pride.
There will be a worldwide humbling, including the stock market.
But those who humble themselves under the mighty hand of God will be exalted.
You will be the ones following me in step and in sync. You'll have the resources to show them the way. Come up to the throne of God.
I see people in the bush in Africa and South America; God is calling the outcasts and has not forgotten them.
Even those from the darkest occult will come to Jesus. No one is too far gone.
In the prisons, those who are so full of demons will be set free.
We are being changed from the inside out and getting a backbone. As He leads, we follow.
All over the world, thank You, Lord, for what You're about to do. Greater is He that is in you.
If we stay vertical and reach souls, there will be glory explosions in places you wouldn't expect because of self-righteousness.
Well, we've got everything in order. He's going to go and use people and do things that you wouldn't even imagine in the stinkiest, darkest holes.
He's going to show up, show off, and show out, just like Jesus did.
He didn't just go to the unlovely. He went where the people needed him the most.
They say, 'How did he? He just loved everybody. He just went in and loved on everybody.'And that's what's going to happen.
We're going to see the people who thought, 'God isn't going to come here and get me out of this hole.'He's going to snatch them up out of there in the glory.
Watch. You think this is going to happen in all the churches? It's going to happen on the street corners.
It's going to happen where there's a street woman, and you're going to see the glory of God deliver her right out of it right there.
You're going to see the glory of God deliver the pimps, the prostitutes, and the drug addicts.
You're going to see the glory of God in a way that we've never seen it before.
To the people who are just yielded, saying 'yes,'God's going to show up and show out.
He's going after the one, leaving the ninety-nine. Society gave up on a lot of them, but he's never given up on one.
Society may have, but he never has. He sees the potential. He looks past the flesh and he's looking at the heart.
'I can change them. I can make them new. If I just have one second with them, they'll change.'Oh, the way he looks at it. I saw the transgenders.
I saw the people that look so—the way they've put that makeup on and done all the things to try to push people away with the way that it's grotesque to our eyes.
And you look at it and you say, 'But I can move through it. I can go through it and touch them.'They're just people that are hurting.
They're demonically oppressed and possessed, and they need help.
And the Lord's going to do it through the people who will say, 'Yes.
Send me, Lord. Send me.'That's what you say. And he'll give you a heart for people.
He'll give you a heart for the people in the tribes down in the bush.
And he'll send you and anoint you, and the glory of God will show up.
Arms will grow out, you're going to see legs, you're going to see people translating.
You're going to see eyes come back and ears pop. People who had no ears, they're going to grow back.
You're going to see things—hair, whatever it may be. Nothing's too big for our God.
And you're going to see people that were dead get back up again.
And they're going to testify of what they saw. We are going to see amazing things in the days ahead.
I believe it. And he said it will be birthed out of prayer. Thank you, Lord, for calling us.
Thank you, Lord, that we said yes and that you would look at us.
Thank you, Father. Lord, we know we're not the best speakers.
We know we're not the best at whatever people want to look at in the religious community and the churches.
They don't look at us, Lord, but you do. They may not want us to be at their platforms, but you do.
And we'll do it right here on YouTube. We're so thankful and grateful that we say yes.
Glory to God. Well, thank you so much for being here today. We appreciate every single one of you.
We really do. We pray this blessed you. This blessed me. I saw some really cool stuff in the spirit realm.
I saw a lot of people coming to Jesus in huts and all around the world.
I saw the rich businessman. I saw a humbling coming with finances.
I saw a humbling coming, a great shaking on Wall Street. Well, we praise the Lord today.
If you could like this video, subscribe, click the notification bell, and click the thumbs up; do all the things that help us with the algorithm, folks.
We really appreciate the people who have come every day. I think it's been around 40,000 to 44,000 people praying every day.
Sometimes, if the title's good, it'll be 50,000 or 60,000. But we're excited for every single one of you.
We're believing for a million—a million men and women prayer army that want to pray and seek God's face, that will take it seriously, and that will push through this darkness so that Canada will be saved and the backbone of Canada will rise up: the church.
I'm trying to remember everything he said about that because he was really correct about the church and why Canada is the way it is, like America up north in Maine.
I saw it coming down and it went all through this, and he said, 'Because they're not allowing my Spirit to move.'He said they're not allowing my Spirit to move in Canada.
He said it's because the church has been silent that the people have fallen away the way they have.
And if they would preach the Holy Spirit, let the Holy Spirit flow, it changes people from the inside out. And that changes the culture and it changes the politics.
But people are upset about the politics and they're upset about what's going on in their politics, saying that the politics are eating us up.
No, the church steers the ship. And if the politics are steering the ship, it's off-kilter.
And as the church rises up and preaches the fire, which changes the family and changes the morals of the household, it changes the culture of the whole area.
But it's the church's fault, he said. And that's the same with America and all around the world.
If the church rises up and preaches the new wine and preaches the new fire and teaches how to get people free instead of religious spirits and Pharisee thinking and self-righteousness, that's what's caused the dam of the Holy Spirit.
Well, we can't allow him to move. He told me, 'Brandon, you're calling lukewarm.
It's not even a lukewarm gospel. This is cold. They're preaching a cold word and the people are starving.
And because they don't have no strength, they're not able to fight.'And he said he blames the church.
He blames the church in Canada. He blames the church in America.
He blames the church in England. You have a bunch of religious Pharisees preaching.
And he said he's removing them and he's going to bring up new Davids to the ones that say yes.
Will you just say yes today? Well, that's what we have for you.
God bless you all and we will see you again tomorrow. Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you all and we will see you again tomorrow. Bye-bye.